update doc about show analyze status #9497 (#8774)
pingcap/docs: statistics.md

Since TiDB v6.0, TiDB supports using the `KILL` statement to terminate an `ANALYZE` task running in the background. If you find that an `ANALYZE` task running in the background consumes a lot of resources and affects your application, you can terminate the `ANALYZE` task by taking the following steps:

1. Execute the following SQL statement:

    {{< copyable "sql" >}}

    ```sql
    SHOW ANALYZE STATUS
    ```

>     By checking the `instance` column and the `process_id` column in the result, you can get the address and task `ID` of the TiDB instance that is executing the background `ANALYZE` task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    By checking the `instance` column and the `process_id` column in the result, you can get the TiDB instance address and the task `ID` executing the background `ANALYZE` task.
```

2. Terminate the `ANALYZE` task that is running in the background.

>    - If [`enable-global-kill`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#enable-global-kill-introduced-from-v610-version) is `true` (`true` by default), you can execute the `KILL TIDB ${id};` statement directly, where `${id}` is the `ID` of the background `ANALYZE` task obtained from the previous step.

Author: ```suggestion
   - If [`enable-global-kill`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#enable-global-kill-new-in-v610) is `true` (`true` by default), you can execute the `KILL TIDB ${id};` statement directly, where `${id}` is the `ID` of the background `ANALYZE` task obtained from the previous step.
```

>    - If [`enable-global-kill`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#enable-global-kill-introduced-from-v610-version) is `true` (`true` by default), you can execute the `KILL TIDB ${id}; ` statement directly, where `${id}` is the `ID` of the background `ANALYZE` task obtained from the previous step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - If [`enable-global-kill`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#enable-global-kill-introduced-from-v610-version) is `true` (`true` by default), you can execute the `KILL TIDB ${id};` statement directly, where `${id}` is the `ID` of the background `ANALYZE` task obtained from the previous step.
```

>    - If `enable-global-kill` is `false`, you need to use a client to connect to the TiDB instance that is executing the backend `ANALYZE` task, and then execute the `KILL TIDB ${id};` statement. If you use a client to connect to another TiDB instance, or if there is a proxy between the client and TiDB, the `KILL` statement cannot terminate the background `ANALYZE` task.

Author: ```suggestion
   - If `enable-global-kill` is `false`, you need to use a client to connect to the TiDB instance that is executing the backend `ANALYZE` task, and then execute the `KILL TIDB ${id};` statement. If you use a client to connect to another TiDB instance, or if there is an agent between the client and TiDB, the `KILL` statement cannot terminate the background `ANALYZE` task.
```

>    - If `enable-global-kill` is `false`, you need to use a client to connect to the TiDB instance that is executing the backend `ANALYZE` task, and then execute the `KILL TIDB ${id};` statement. If you use a client to connect to another TiDB instance, or if there is a proxy between the client and TiDB, the `KILL` statement cannot terminate the background `ANALYZE` task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - If `enable-global-kill` is `false`, you need to use a client to connect to the TiDB instance that is executing the backend `ANALYZE` task, and then execute the `KILL TIDB ${id};` statement. If you use a client to connect to another TiDB instance, or if there is a proxy between the client and the TiDB cluster, the `KILL` statement cannot terminate the background `ANALYZE` task.
```

This statement returns the state of `ANALYZE`. You can use `ShowLikeOrWhere` to filter the information you need.

Currently, the `SHOW ANALYZE STATUS` statement returns the following 11 columns:

| Column name | Description            |
| :-------- | :------------- |
| table_schema  |  The database name    |
| table_name | The table name |
| partition_name| The partition name |
| job_info | The task information. If an index is analyzed, this information will include the index name. When `tidb_analyze_version =2`, this information will include configuration items such as sample rate. |
| processed_rows | The number of rows that have been analyzed |
| start_time | The time at which the task starts |
| state | The state of a task, including `pending`, `running`, `finished`, and `failed` |
| fail_reason | The reason why the task fails. If the execution is successful, the value is `NULL`. |
| instance | The TiDB instance that executes the task |
| process_id | The process ID that executes the task |

> Since TiDB v6.1.0, the `SHOW ANALYZE STATUS` statement supports showing cluster-level tasks. Even after a TiDB restart, you can still view task records before the restart using this statement. Before TiDB v6.1.0, the `SHOW ANALYZE STATUS` statement can only show instance-level tasks, and task records are cleared after a TiDB restart.

Author: ```suggestion
Starting from TiDB v6.1.0, the `SHOW ANALYZE STATUS` statement supports showing cluster-level tasks. Even after a TiDB restart, you can still view task records before the restart using this statement. Before TiDB v6.1.0, the `SHOW ANALYZE STATUS` statement can only show instance-level tasks, and task records are cleared after a TiDB restart.
```

> `SHOW ANALYZE STATUS` shows the most recent task records only. Since TiDB v6.1.0, you can view the history tasks within the last 7 days through the system table `mysql.analyze_jobs`.

Author: ```suggestion
`SHOW ANALYZE STATUS` shows the most recent task records only. Starting from TiDB v6.1.0, you can view the history tasks within the last 7 days through the system table `mysql.analyze_jobs`.
```
